in your
eyes your eyes Sheed me
science you might have jokes in your
eyes She Blinded Me science lady Babylon
bring you to the goddess chromatic
chronic snake people Something Wicked
This Way Comes come proo bottle people
form Black Sabbath Red Rum snake bending
from her legs merry purple fingers we a
wizard with a tree limb wand elect Mo
shine bring the dawn Global destruction
player on the yo-yo I live in a dream on
the way of
Med do you know the mysteries of magic
walk across the skies Athena in the
boiling cauldron stir Darkness through
dreams hail Satan
cracking whips to your ears from my Do's
lips poisonous kiss black arrows hit the
mock Dragon Venom lay you down in the
Tall Grass it only took one
drop you might have drugs to your eyes
she me your
science you might have Dr in your eyes
She Blinded Me With Science
welcome back to Lady Babylon tonight
we're going to bring you a little bit of
oh God some of that
authentic that authentic Antiquity we've
got the good stuff for you tonight and
of course we'll start off with a little
meal of a little soul pie I can't wait
for that but I want you to know in all
seriousness we're bringing tonight some
of some of the people that I have the
most respect for in the world yeah and
that is pendar and theander I just want
you to to remember that right pendar and
the cander this is real real
stuff before we get
there and
before I bring you to a conclusion of
something that we been walking through
for a few weeks now ever since we've met
the lykanthrop
oh God it's been gorgeous we've had it
and we caught up with the kid that Jesus
sold what was his name he didn't have
his skin bro he didn't have his skin
tonight I am bringing
you different Magi across time real
people and I'm going to do it through
their language I'm going to
do what all the
others I'm going to do what only they
wish they could do and that's the real
that's why satanic congregation comes
here that's why people come to find out
what's on the menu is because it's real
I am not trying to sell you anything
please
remember please remember this is not
monetized satanic
congregation you must back me in this
fight to keep this space
clean we've got to keep this place clean
hell Satan we've got to keep it pure
this place must always be for the Muse
and for the Muse alone right but don't
worry what is the muse give us all of
the Weaponry right these sources this
evidence it's all Weaponry to show up
the Shams of the religion and the
businesses who are buying and
selling that's what we're going to look
at tonight let's look at a before we go
into the text right we're going to have
to visit a broel and this broel is a
business right the ladies come in and
they are sold now these ladies are
professors yeah they are
rabbis they are preachers former and
current they're professors of
theology professors of New Testament and
they cannot stand before the awesome
blade work of a classical philologist
now what I normally do is serve you up
your evening meal first course I usually
just do that right away what I'm gonna
do tonight is I'm G to let one of you
serve it up I'm going to let one of you
fantastic and whoever this Sith Lord is
out there nice job nice job oh my
goodness where are we going somebody
open the gates let in the broel workers
give it to me oh yeah go ahead sorry we
got to get these first give it now
people were in a little bit of a delay
tonight as always you know how it is
Falcon's the Falcon man don't give me a
hard time don't give me a hard time this
is the this is the devil's work
right so as soon as we get our 0.5
megabyte per second going I'm going to
be able to see the thing that just
flashed up in front of you which is the
definition you're going to take home
tonight this is are you ready this is
this is Satan's Mr Rogers and I'm
bringing you the word of the day and the
word of the day is
toxicos oh doesn't it have a nice s
toxicos
W that doesn't sound good brother you
know what I mean that's something that's
used with the bow something that's used
with the bow of an
Archer's equipment we're talking about
an Archer's equipment by the way
somebody got on me once about Bo box
which is a proper translation it was not
a quiver it's totally different word
fantastic those Greeks man vocabulary of
giants
there were giants in the earth in those
days that's not a giant Timmy it's just
your Greek speaking
neighbor Fantastic look at this people
what is this things that are used the
bow and archery but I want you to see
look at number two toxicon pharmacon
poison for smearing Arrows with very
specifically we have some great sources
tonight I'm going to bring you the
origin of the christing
Mania the origin of the christing Mania
you're going to love it with real people
too we don't need any we don't need any
stories let's just stick with the real
let's just stick with the real look at
the bottom equals wum equals wum I don't
need it that's great keep going
chewy give me the next one give me the
next one these are just some comments
maybe this come up faster no these are
some comments from people now as you saw
people were contacting me saying amen
have you seen what's going on right
somebody's doing
something I don't know let's see smoking
off was there what happened Kip why name
call are you that petrified of all oh
God so you don't realize I was working
this morning one of my students was
saying do we have time to work with the
nonest and I'm sitting there with nander
and for anybody who knows nicander is a
first century a really second second um
late second century
BC um
physician
healer
Magus
priest um uh Prophet Prophet how's that
you like that and it turns out his work
oh I'm sorry I forgot one he's a Garian
baby he's a Garian this guy is so good
it's like every third word is a created
new word and that's why you can take
this text for example I'm going to show
you K in a minute because they're up to
some Shenanigans right it turns out
somebody here's truly has threatened the
success of the
brav do you know how much these people
are paid to do what they do it's
bravy $3,000 for an interview are you
kidding me you should be ashamed of
yourselves I'll sit there I'll sit there
for absolutely nothing you know why
because I value what I do I value what I
do and you cannot desecrate The Muse
with your
harlotry yes
man
harlotry what is this man harlotry oh
it's a specific term an Antiquity I'm
sorry let's keep going let's you can
leave that up for a minute JY what are
we gonna do we're going to show some
clips but I wanted you to see what
people are saying about it I wanted you
just to see what's the hubub give me the
next give me the hubub
boom Oh it's like we're sitting here
just slow service tonight you know what
I mean that's okay that's okay I hope
everybody in the congregation is doing
well I hope it's been couple of days
since we've seen each other and I've
just been
waiting because I have stuff tonight
that you know it's the stuff that you
like
sweetheart it's the
dope it's the dope and here's a comment
coming up
John why do you oh why do all excuse me
why do all fear the word of Dr Ammond
now put this next one on while that's
coming up I'll tell you why that is oh
look it came up right away I'll leave it
I'll tell you why that is the whole
video that you're about to see segments
of short ones because we don't have a
lot of time the whole
video was brought to was given an
impetus had life raed into it because I
had an interview with myth vision and
Kip and you guys know a gnostic
informant and I was told that it was not
pretty and I agree because Kip ran away
run Kip run forest
run he ran away I've never seen that
ever in any public engagement I've ever
been in I've never seen that I've seen
funny looks right I've seen will you
please step outside I've seen that kind
of stuff right I've been forcefully
forcefully removed from a few places in
my time right I might say
right but I've never seen somebody
scream and run away like a little kid
and let me tell you there are little
kids that display more bravery than this
and what was it I wanted him to tell me
what he's actually read in Greek let's
talk it then baby if you're that Master
let's talk it no you're in the wrong
place and he knew it that's what all the
biblical Scholars do that's why they
run that's why nobody nobody can stand
do you understand when you are that
proficient with the
SCE they can't there's nothing they can
do about it all you have to do is skewer
them with the sources okay and finally
here is uh in all fairness here's
something um Kip run Kip said or run Kip
run said pan I am just tired of almonds
unmitigated
nonsense it's it's nonsense how dare
you he's
demonstrably false about numerous things
and it's been corrected on oh has
somebody corrected me that's funny I
haven't seen anybody do
anything yeah I've seen a bunch of Flim
Flam and I've seen a bunch of people
talk things listen Kip please can you
tell me what is the document that you
study that your degrees are all for what
is it called give me the first clip what
is it called first
[Music]
clip and
go ahead the Greek translation of the
Hebrew Bible known as uh the
sep known as what hit me with the next
one what did he say did anybody catch
that sep to something give it to me the
Greek text of the Bible known as the
sepen which was written in Co Greek
oh my
God oh my
God oh my God you'd think now seriously
people seriously right now I I sit here
and I tell you I can tell pretty quick
within five minutes I can tell if you
you actually can command ancient Greek
right I can tell pretty quick and I can
narrow down how far back you can go and
how far forward you can go pretty quick
and if you can't say the name of the
document it is septu
aent septu Agent Septuagint give me the
next one my God people you let the wool
be pulled over the eyes your first
complaint in as far as and I don't mean
it complaint in some bad way but like
the first red flags to you are using
other literature that may actually be
divorced from the genre the the the
location the culture who knows that
actually trying to find a word and and
this is something we're going to
probably have to cover specifically
dealing with a naked young
boy
Geniuses Geniuses did you see that
geniuses
what have they done people they' done
the exactly the same thing Wesley Huff
did and Dan did and run run Kip Ron did
they did the exactly the same thing
erect a wall so that nobody can say
anything about your
text right do you really think it look
people is there one book today that is
completely separate from everything else
around it no that's not how life works
works it's not how language works it's
not how history works that's fairy tale
H Huff told you to your face in that
little clip he said there were some
people there were some people in the
Middle Ages who discovered some Scholars
oh I bet they were they discovered that
the Greek of the Bible was
special do you understand that's what
he's doing and every time Kip kicks out
Co he this dude doesn't read the reason
he could never sit down with me is the
first thing I would do is I would
say give me a random random book of the
New Testament and I would pull it up and
I would flap it down and I'd say now
translate it translate it Kip translate
it people the wool is being pulled over
your eyes for the sake of what prophit
now who saw this give me the
who saw this it's one of the oh we still
have more we still have more of that
Flim Flam give me the go ahead go back
up and give me the email boom I want
people to see this now the danger of
sending me email is that I I just may
use
it yeah I just may use it here's
somebody who was mad who was mad and
sent me an email about his experience
watching the rry of myth
Vision watching the moneymaking scheme
of
unprofessional just
amateurism hiring professors are you
kidding are are you kidding thank about
this people would you would you have the
coones to say in order for me to talk
for a couple hours you got to pay me
three or four
grand can you imagine that you you're no
Guardian a text you have no place in the
museum you have only a place in business
in business you should keep selling the
tours right I think that guy I think
that guy's available it was on was on
the mafia loving guy from
Brooklyn right
what yeah people this is from one of our
own one of us from the congregation
okay I'm not going to put his or her
name up there cuz I don't know if he or
she wants me to but look what happens
this was sent to me today as I'm trying
to prep for you this is the stuff look
in John 4:25 Interlinear Greek we are
told that the
Messiah Messias is Greek is a Greek word
for messiah and he is to be called
Christos Messiah and Christ are separate
words oh my God who is this person this
is a Sith Lord they have completely
separate meanings that have been
conflated by Believers in the fashion
that runkit run demonstrates in this
video that was
the oh God John
4:25 he's all he's doing is using or she
is using a
source that's all
do you notice there's no BS there's no
ideology there's no Theory there's no he
says this this is what he's trying to
buy this is what his book's about this
is what her argument is that women
didn't do anything and so I'm gonna
write a book about it and you know what
my back end is
open the back end of my
shop is is
open that's the people that you're
dealing with satanic
congregation we are not monetized for a
reason because I want you to know that I
am not going to change what I say for
the sake of prophet you were in the lady
Babylon bus and we just happened to hit
Kip who was one of the ladies that works
for the myth Vision
broel customer line up how much have you
spent how much have you spent what is
the difference between that and
church what is the
difference they are doing what the
theologians want them to there is money
be what they are
doing there are markets not just them
there are markets for this oh God monest
dope they love it
they love
it oh God hail Satan indeed you know
what Satan told me I said I wasn't G to
say this on live but I've got to say
it the devil told me he said what are
you
doing what are you doing man right you
gotta be
clean you got to if you're going to hang
with The Muse you got to be pure
buddy yeah def
it's a lot easier people it's a lot
easier when you're going after her it's
a lot
easier just to keep it
pure guard that virgin who do you want
as a goddess you want that
virgin right I'm sorry that you can't
give it to your so right to everybody
out there who cannot give it to their
SOS I'm sorry the flags can't be raised
but that's not that's not my business
and that's not what the devil brought me
here for let's look at some gorgeous
gorgeous texts tonight oh wait do we
have more oh God we do we do look people
here it's really quick I just want you
to see this put that next one on chewy
oh it is it's coming up I just want you
to see a couple of quotes here look
people this is just really nicely
summarized and apparently this is
something that one of you left on the on
the site now will they be able to
respond to anything like this at all as
you sit there and read it and it's
invisible to me as will there be
anything like this ladies and
gentlemen no there won't be any kind of
reputation because they can't this is
just straight up reason Christos is a
Bronze Age pharmacon term that has a
that means a Sav or uent if application
can be ER rubbed in christing as in
Interlinear Greek what's see what's this
person doing they're just setting up all
the Christ things for you that's all it
talks about Jesus spitting on the ground
and the Christ thing that's involved
there Christos and its applications in
Christos and E Christos were understood
in jesus' time to mean what they meant
in the Bronze Age because that is how
how the New Testament uses these
words in order for myth Visions Derek to
stand up and say something so silly as
oh my God if you're using a if you're in
a different genre none of the rules
apply
anymore right surely the word tiger
means something completely
different if you're talking about legal
briefs versus my laundry lists versus my
letters to my
beloved yeah we can't use that's the
logic right people think about this
logic this is
genius right nothing can be applied
outside of the New Testament none of
these contemporary documents the
language you can only read Time Magazine
everything else the English in it h you
have to know the context and you have to
know The Who and interpretation and the
ex Jesus and the [ __ ] go sell your
t-shirts you're a t-shirt Hawker do you
understand you shouldn't step into the
arena with a
professional that was Kip's problem and
he got run over I'm sorry people saw it
I'm sure it was professionally
embarrassing I tell you if if my if if
any of my colleagues saw me perform the
same way oh God I would have hang my
head thank goodness they never did give
me the next one yep you got
it we'll come to you don't worry we will
um but he's using kind of this I found a
text over here that is in this
particular thing like you're describing
and then finding a word that might be
used there it may have a specific use in
the context there and applies that
definition outside of it into these
other areas of
literature do you hear the F flame he
takes the word here and he applies it
here he doesn't really understand what
he's saying does he the fact is ladies
and gentlemen that man talking does not
read ancient Greek he doesn't even know
what ancient Greek is he doesn't realize
that it's everything from Linear B up to
Byzantine commentators on Homer that is
what we talk about when we say ancient
Greek right and listen to them like
children que Queen
me dude septu agent please give me the
next one
Che talking about manuscripts of the
sepen the Greek translation of the
Hebrew
Bible is it
play again okay I'm sorry that was
gratuitous right okay somebody please
tell him um what his terminology and his
field is that he's supposed to be
working on so you can take terms here
and apply them there I think what he's
doing is he's taking this here and
applying seriously seriously people who
can take this serious this is why in the
background the lawyers are saying this
guy is going to ruin us
yeah I knew that the devil has a
way fantastic do you see what it is
people give me the next give me the next
slide boom let's just jump into it
here's Jesus God bless am America here
he is oh come on everybody get the demon
where's my whip where's my whip let's
have the let's have the show people came
here for a show they didn't come here to
see that yeah where's the whip chewy oh
God did somebody move my whip somebody
moved my whip what's this spatula doing
here oh my God here it is here it is
people get ready for some John this is
what the email was talking about John
4:25 you know the difference between
alond and these freaks that run he
actually does this stuff and the woman
says to him I know that Messiah
comes right now you see the Greek first
line Messias there is already a word for
messiah in
Greek Christos is not the word for
messiah right the Messiah is
called a
Christos right he's coming we've got
that word already this glorious
reasoning people it's just absolutely
wonderful and it turns out to be 100%
accurate see what happens when you read
the texts did you see all the Bible that
the dude who wrote in just quoted do you
see all the sources where they're
mentioning Christ things what is
embarrassing is that none of these
people ever saw any of this you know you
can excuse the people you can excuse the
people like myth Vision you can excuse
him because he doesn't have the
instrument and he doesn't pretend to and
he doesn't say that he
does he doesn't say that he does but
these other people do they pretend to
and that's why they'll run from me
because I'll throw the texts out right
in front of them just a few Choice ones
right right from their Bible perfectly
right oh God do you see how it is people
the things that I've have been telling
you are neither
marvelous nor fabulous
they are not fairy tale they are
reality evidence is evidence you can
talk about anunaki and aliens all you
want and sell the courses you want and
participate in the foolish
[ __ ] or you can just bring the
sources yeah the messiah's coming call
him a
Christ okay why he's going to she says
it right don't bring it back but she
says it right there he's going to tell
us everything he's going to be that
Hermes he's going to Herald us
everything right I want to show you
tonight some of the actual the this is
not a drug this is the queen bring it up
this is the queen of all mystery drugs
okay this is what media is working with
to develop the right
yeah fantastic this is and what am I
giving you people what you're very
privileged to see in front of it was
that second century priest of Apollo
nander and this is his section of his
Alexa Pharm his work on
antidotes this is and by the way um what
does this dude walk around with he walks
around with a
kther do you understand he's a priest of
Apollo
music okay now I'm about to take you to
a place that you didn't realize existing
medicine comes from
music you want to see here he is here he
is and what does he say he says look
there's there's even cures for this
awful awful
drug the
toxicon the arop poison it really that
that stuff really weighs you down you
know whenever some dude comes along and
drinks
it right what does the dude act like
well first of all his tongue gets really
thick and heavy next one his tongue gets
really thick and heavy are you ready and
you didn't think that we had
descriptions of this people we're
looking at psychotropic drugs in action
from the second century right these are
all over the place this is not there's a
lot in the alexop pharmica and the the
and the Thea that are just you know
people anyway what happens next to this
dude who's into who's into the
consumption of the aerop poison as a
recreational drug right because when you
combine when you combine sexual activity
drugs and religion together into a
medical
hole I'm going to Define that as Rec
creational I'm sorry I'm sorry people
maybe you want to say it's just
medicinal I don't think so I think
there's an element I think they're both
the same thing bro essentially
essentially right what does this say
here on the top and by the way Kip Kip I
dare you I dare you um translate this
right now translate translate the Top
Line what's going to happen to his lips
Kip they're going to get all swollen
they're going to get all Heavy he's
going to start talking funny and what's
happening on the second line Kip and I
know for a fact Kip can't read
this um why do I know that for certain
because nander uses so many hop Hawks
legina that means he's making up his own
words right very it's very challenging
to read him even for a classicist he's
at the top of the list right he and
known us they do this all the time makes
it very difficult and and they both are
chaize they both bring the old homeric
dialect into use and they do it g in in
a genius way in a genius way it's almost
as
if understanding that homeric Greek um
enables you to be able to use your Greek
in a way that you know things are when
things are falling apart and and
becoming you know your constructions
your Advanced constructions are starting
to fall out of the language because
people just can't do it right why it's
because they're not exposed to that
Homer anymore this is how they're
teaching grammar in Antiquity it's
through Homer through songs through a
dude walking around with a KRA with a
guara with a guitar it's always that
guitarist right who brings that light
this this is the worship of Apollo
correct fantastic let's go what yeah
that back to that one what else in here
tidbits that I want you to see I want
you to see a couple of really neat
little tidbits oh here it's gonna take a
sweet time today hello Satan how are you
doing
sir yes I know I know I got the message
about the broel right it's been taken
care of it's been taken care of Sir this
is fantastic um we've uh don't worry the
the fact is that um it's obvious to
people right it's obvious and they get
it oh hang on my tax is Back Sir let's
go what is this I can't see anything
because I'm staring into a
light and what happens second
[Music]
line people remember the lenthrop the
people in the cemeteries the demoniacs
ah getting christed what are they they
got that whole dry mouth thing going he
says it's another symptom in this case
right oh God and oh this is gross and
then their gums burst open oh dude you
know gross and oftentimes they get heart
palpitations right obviously this stuff
is serious bro you understand why they
hunt with it around the Black Sea isn't
this genius some sexy sexy Amazonian
woman came up with this stuff right oh
God and they're like where'd you get
this and she's like go see the
Meda it's fantastic I love it man I love
it blow it up again I can't see it for
Jack man and what does this drug do it
causes his heart to beat really fast and
what else what other trippy stuff is
going
P his entire mind
becomes plagued becomes struck becomes
visibly sh
shaken right and what happens he gives
in he's totally overpowered by this
awful by this power of the
drug this it's it's uh it has a a has a
very strong odor of you get what you
deserve no wait a minute you deserve
what you get that's what it was that's
what it was let's keep going what else
is going to happen now get ready the
Drug's kicking in he's going to start
bleeding like a sheep in Mania and
mooing like a cow baby he's right this
is gorgeous can you imagine as you get
to turn on your inner sheep let your
inner sheep right you crawl around on
all fours and you make noises now you're
not making noises that are sheep noises
right because the Sheep are just as
afraid of you is the people whose
Cemetery you're living in are afraid of
you you know what I mean so what you
have to do here you start babbling you
start babbling with this stuff just like
a dude whose head's been cut off or and
this is my favorite favorite part right
here when the
koros
[Music]
Z When what when the sacred bull caring
Kora the Priestess of rehea
when she on her the special day that she
has set aside it's the ninth day when
she comes out to give her prophecy she
comes out and she screams she yells and
she scares people and why is she doing
this because this is what the aerop
poison does this is how you make
prophets do you understand christing and
proph prophets have been joined since
the Bronze Age when the first Christ
prophetes named media initiated the
mystery they got nothing they got
nothing because they got no text right
they talk about it like oh my God they
found somebody found an Aramaic laundry
list what does it say it says satu on it
it must be God holy
mackerel when you set out to prove [ __ ]
you're going to prove it do you
understand they don't see any of these
things because they don't read man they
can't I can't and I'm perfectly happy to
sit down to sit down with a text with
any here here you go if you are if you
are dumb enough to get up off the ground
after you got hit by the satanic the
satanic congregation's bus if you're
dumb enough to run back around in front
of
it I'm gonna show the world who you are
Dan I'm gonna show the world who you are
Kip I don't care if you ladies belong to
any sort of Consortium of propers it
doesn't matter it doesn't matter the
lawyers already said I heard
it this guy's going to to ruin us cuz
it's a business it's a business it's not
just them that are going to get ruined
when people start looking at this
information and discovering they're
going to be surprised and it's going to
cause a lot of
consternation right right it's going to
cause a lot of problems when you
stop when you stop trying to contort and
twist the evidence into what you want
and just looking at the evidence this
evidence people is all an ancient Greek
and these morons only
pretend they're own Pretenders ask their
SOS almond can
satisfy yes let's go to the next oh God
that got a little bit deep in there did
you wait did we get all this one I think
there's one more was there any oh no
it's so slow I should have just had you
go on to the next I should have just had
you go on to the next just give me this
one go ahead boom this is um people the
internet has never been this bad I
apologize this is what we get for
paying a
ton right this is why I work so hard
ride for
my05
Mbps it's all the devil told me said
it's all you need bro and I was like
seriously hul make God say
my you're gonna
bleed in your Mania you're going to
vocalize next you're going to vocalize
let's go quickly your
Mania it's part of the whole
operation and who is going to be the one
who's leading you in this oracular
prophetic process it is the Buria and if
you think you know what that means K
what does it mean bista
you recognize re right from
RE right but do you recognize bistri no
you don't Kip because you've never read
this text before and this is a hop Hawk
San it only appears in
theander right fantastic you know how
popular nander
was he's as popular as those Greek
sources that Jesus is quoting directly
did you realize that Jesus never quotes
Greek right and then you guess oh
there's some magical phrases that he
said on the cross and you guess those
must be Aramaic did you find a laundry
list again did you find you're so proud
of the laundry list did you find did you
find
one oh my God it is so embarrassing
you're not going to know what this word
is Kid
y right or any of your uppers right any
of your what do they call the Madam
right if you talk to your Madam bistri
is not going to be anywhere right nobody
there is going to know none of these
people people next time they open their
stupid mouths just asked them what is it
B
mistria please it has to do with Christ
thing so we'd like to know they won't be
able to tell you they've got Gilgamesh
gum in their teeth do you understand
Gilgamesh right did we ever take him out
of the Pooh hole you know we didn't take
him out of the Poo hole oh my God he's
going to be in trouble we probably have
a soup now we have a soup let's just
keep adding to it let's keep adding to
the poop you know when you have roadkill
you should pick him up and don't eat him
but put him into the poop Pole right
that may do it so tonight we have to put
Kip into the poop pole Kip come here
buddy come here I know you tried I know
you tried Kip I know you you had a lot
of degrees out there Kip and you threw
your stuff out there and did the best
you could buddy you just didn't
know into the PO
pole I commend the soul of Kip to Satan
within the poophole of the
cosmic flourishing let's flourish give
me the next one oh God this anybody see
how offensive the lies are yep that's
good it'll come up it'll come up just
let it come up people just just hang
with me for a minute you're gonna go
nuts in your brain right your mind Max
your mind that's what the problem is
when you start on the prophetic drugs
you're going to lose it
and what's going to happen after what's
going to happen um you're gonna get into
this I think you're gonna get into
this look at the Middle look at the
middle of this word Kip can tell you
right Kip you can break this thing down
right par plus the offra root which is
the foam root that we get Aphrodite from
from that we get Aphrodite from and what
do you do when you're under the
influence in the second century as a
prophet you foam at the
mouth and that was at the end of that
section you foam at the mouth do you
remember what Jesus
did when he is making his
drugs and people were surprised you know
you see Jesus depicted a lot lot of ways
by the fairy tale but you don't see real
Jesus because you don't see some guy
bent over slathering foam onto the
ground that he's going to work into a
Sav that he's going to Christ you with
it's going to cause your demons to go
away right and don't worry like Paul
says don't worry if a virgin does it she
hasn't done
wrong
yeah right
this is the body of Christ baby right
Let Jesus
touch your
family let him Joy be quiet be quiet Let
Jesus touch you and your wife and your
husband and your
children and your neighbors let them
touch
everyone yeah
yeah this is a
[Music]
Magus the guy that you're looking at
with that kid that's Jesus Christ and
his
education was paid
for by the
Magi down in Egypt and now he goes
around talking about your little boy Tes
and if he can cut them off he can enter
the Kingdom of
Heaven blessed are the Unix who can bear
the
burden do you know why we need Unix
because Unix are part of this chemical
process they can produce
antidote I don't know why that's what
they do and it's not just the Christians
doing it it's a whole bunch of people
before for them can somebody please
please the depiction of the boy throwing
his own testicles into the house for the
sake of the
dress this is Jesus
Christ This Is The Morning
store right he touched
me right
Elvis said he touched me
and oh the joy that filled my soul
something happened and now I know he
touched me do you want Jesus to touch
you that's the
question the apostles had to answer it
right I suppose they didn't really have
they didn't really have a choice did
they I mean it's arguable that they
didn't have a choice
because he sold them right he sold them
he sold at least he sold Thomas right
remember please people remember the only
written document we have from Jesus
Christ is a bill of sale is a bill of
sale it's the only thing we have this
says Jesus Christ wrote this and it's a
bill of
sale it's a bill of
sale does that say barf or buff or
boof ew
no dirty Jesus I agree Hil Satan clean
this stuff up when you right aren't we
all on the Roman side don't you people
want them to get
crucified you want to let these people
in your
neighborhood they'll be touching your
children Oh They'll call it something
else right look at the text what Jesus
did to these people and you'll find out
why there was an angry mob that wanted
to kill
him it's fantastic give me the next one
by the way while this next one's coming
up I just want to go I just want to uh
say we're going into fight period right
we have to cut weight and everything
that we have to start getting ready um
chewy and I will both be going for this
uh fight this cage match that's coming
up right so we're talking about magic
it's in January Jan January right almond
versus Larson fantastic
Bob I'm waiting Bob I'm getting ready
I'm getting ready just so you know I'm
not wasting your time all right let's
love it let's love it together look what
does Jesus say now we just saw nicander
the priest of Apollo by the way did you
show where nicander lived or where he
worked you didn't show where he worked
show people so they know that it's real
chewy this is where in a cander work
worked yeah yeah his family was
associated with the with the priesthood
right P pull that thing up oh did I
finish no we're gonna have to bring this
one up again so oh they looking at it oh
okay look at this people oh love it see
we're not talking fairy tale right we
don't do that to Jesus either I don't
put Jesus into a fairy tale I don't try
to package him to make money whether
it's on YouTube or through sales of
t-shirts and you know what books you
know whatever you bring somebody on give
them an interview so they can sell a
book nice job have you really
accomplished anything no no it's not
just pum it's poison people it's poison
soon as you see them going to take you
into the back you realize that is that
one of them maybe that's one of the
pictures people theander real person and
we're going see there on the right side
look to the East baby and see the little
dot right oh God that's turkey no it's
not turkey there is no
Turkey right no it's the ionian Greek
coast of Asia Minor yes it is a lot of
real Nerds come out of this place and
the canders one of them great Garian
crazy guy with all these drugs and
antidotes and vision
inducers why that we're gonna use the
Priestess is gonna use them do you see
them all oh look fantastic give me the
next one these people don't care give me
the next are we in here for geography no
we want the dirty stuff give it to me
give it to me Alan give me the dirty
dirty oh it's got to look you just got
to hold in there with me tonight because
it's coming up I just want you to take a
minute I just want you take a minute
thank thank for a minute Everybody by
the way in all seriousness everybody who
came tonight thank you thank you it
means a lot to me and that's why I'm
giving you prime I wish people my
internet was better than it is um but
it's not that's the way it is and I'm
bringing you mark 16:18 you'll lift up
they'll lift up those snakes and they'll
drink if somebody drinks a thone oh this
is a good part if somebody drinks a thos
SE on that death inducer that won't be
hurt but you'll put your hands on the
people who are not so good and make them
better you're gonna bring them back baby
this is what you're G to this why why is
Jesus talking like this in the Bible
because that's how Magi
talk that's how Magi
talk and you say Magi Persia
[ __ ] no you missed the whole boat
you missed the whole boat yeah there's a
I read an article by the way somebody
sent me an article about some
archaeological stuff going on around the
Black Sea and about the
uh oh what was it it was uh palaski and
influence and all numerous languages
having influence on the cultures of the
time and the pro uh Pro Min of media
right within that culture um for example
the mes all calling themselves mes right
what were they before they were mes they
were
arens right so um remember we
dissolved Hansel and gredle what are
their stupid names the Grim brothers and
every other philologist that foolishly
followed their
Folly right we're going to the map has
to be re you know we have to to rewrite
the map people the linguistic map the
history of language has to be
Rewritten um because it you know a bunch
of people look long story short the
seminaries right Harvard and Preston and
all that that's all being influenced by
a group of people like myth Vision who
need to raise walls whether it's for
profet or for the profit that you get
from a religious institution you realize
when people go and VIs isit you right
even if they're coming for communion
they're coming for something and that
business has to be propagated and what I
the text that I am bringing you no ideas
of mine no books that I can sell the
texts that I am bringing you show that
and it is scary to them and I hear their
lawyers on conversations say oh my God
what are you doing screaming at people
it was absolutely glorious I love that I
absolutely love you know me it's the
devil you know what I mean the devil's
like you're going to love this son and I
was like yeah give it to me Chewy give
me right give me give me a high five
right pull it up we got to give these
people some sources to chew we got to
give these people some sources look
people Feast your eyes on these
wonderful look for the people who are
like you can't apply the Bible to
anything outside okay right we know you
got what you got what uh was coming and
you ran away so now we're going to pull
out some actual some actual Greek people
look at the word that Jesus is using
thimos what is that it's a some kind of
deadly or fatal or poisonous thing
notice that in the neuter plural TI you
can just have
tanima right and those are
poisons and the reference here is to the
gospel of
Mark in addition to disordes and galin
so people look what myth Vision just
said in that video he
said um you can't apply you know they
they uh no leave it up there they say
you can't you know Alan has studied
medicine right and therefore you can't
apply for medicine to other texts right
because there's this wall of separation
right well look people the the Brit
Scholars from the 19th century
who did such an incredible job with
classical philology and made this
Oxford um lexicon they're acknowledging
themselves right here that in mark this
is talking about a
drug yeah it's right there in print you
cannot you cannot mistake it people and
they put Mark right next the Das gordis
and galin two doctors
so when myth Vision comes along says you
cannot apply to the Bible what you can
to Physicians
um that's laughably bad it's laughably
bad
right it's laughably bad people and you
are
being misled for the sake of profit and
we all know the Muse has told us your
greed stains your soul with the stench
of
Ruin that's why we keep the saturnian
way isn't it nice we keep the way
open we are not in a
cult right we're not in a cult see as
soon as you take the profit out of it
you can't be in the cult anymore right
you can't know because there's no why
would the this is the if this is a cult
watching Gilligan's Island is a cult
right do you understand oh my god um
yeah it's not a cult people nobody's
giving me let me just reassure I know
that was a joke but let me just reassure
people I'm I'm I'm not profiteering now
I still work my back back side off all
week long to teach Greek to
people this is my joy and I'm not going
to Cloud This Joy by making it some kind
of money-making Enterprise where I've
got to go on and beg you for money
because I gotta move to a nicer bigger
house or I've got to invest in some kind
of company or I've got to push my money
make my profits do my promotion
that's not me and it's not the devil and
it's not the
Muse and that's what we're here for
we're here for her right so give me a
couple more let's give him a couple more
look people let's dance with a few
sources give me some words baby give me
some Greek words right just sit back
wherever you are wherever you are at the
dinner table if you're sitting the couch
you know what I mean doing your lady
Babylon thing Wherever You Are
please just lean back a little bit right
even the people in the tubs just lean
back a little bit don't put your head in
the water but just Lan back and look at
the EOS what is the EOS what is that bow
what is that Arrow it's a device for
delivering the EOS which is the Venom
it's the
Venom did you know
snakes are ET etal did you know they are
ionic
beings who have a constant supply of
nectar that gives them a renewing a
renewal do you know how important this
is for us to understand this do you know
where our prophets go our prophets
become
serpents our
Meads walk around with poisonous vipers
in their hair and around their
waist yeah I prefer around the neck
because the the snakes are the most
comfortable in that position you give
them a little massage snakes love that
massage right they love a massage who
doesn't who doesn't love a massage right
massage you Snak
people how do you think a sleepiest gave
us what he gave us
through that guitar playing snake venom
using
profit do you understand give it to me
give me the next one chewy give me the
next Source oh love it love
it we're gonna have a yep here it
comes slow I know people please please
take your time if you could say
something I would ask you now I would
ask you well my darling what would you
like to look at let's look at this one
next on the
menu do not mock my technology do you
understand I am on a Schwin 10-speed
bike on the side of the information
Highway little dirt Access Road here it
is this is she who pours the arrow
poison and it's you of that goddess oh
she is so sexy but don't say that don't
say that because she's a virgin right
everybody knows she's sexy okay okay but
just be careful she's a virgin she may
kick you in the lumps you know what I
mean so by the way here's that word for
quiver faretra right for this smart aliy
guy that left the comment he's like
Arrow box that's called a quiver do you
see how you you don't even know what
you're talking about you sound smart to
yourself and you sound smart to other
people put some lights on it broadcast
it and boom we'll get sponsors and we'll
watch commercials every 30 seconds about
vanilla cookies and laundry detergent
that gives us all
hives and I think that's why Harold's
prostate is doing what it's
doing holy
mackerel she sheds that EOS oh look at
it people people look at the second to
last
line in the parentheses do you see it
says here and then we have a
DI that's the original
pronunciation do you want to know who
the media is she
[Music]
is isn't that gorgeous that name hasn't
been
spoken in years
you don't know what you're talking about
you're just
selling congregation let's get the good
stuff give me the next one give me the
next one we're going to give it to them
this is Hardcore we only have a few we
only have a few more look there she is
with the fleece right there she is she's
got something
right let's see bring it up bring up the
text can you keep those it's too bad you
can't keep those on people here's a new
word y here's a new word for your
vocabulary Bud CU I know for a fact
you've never seen this right yalos what
is that notice that they've got little
EOS or Venom there in the in the uh
parentheses right we're shooting these
poisoned arrows this is our toxon right
and what do we put on those arrows we
put toxicon and what does that do that's
a Venom that's a Venom and look at look
at
people oh God we have entire works on
this stuff here's one by
phinis and look here's
philostratus oh boy I'm gonna show you
philostratus I'll bring up that text and
arrows arrows more poison arrows
sometimes called the Hima the blood the
blood do you understand those of you
have ears to hear next those of you who
have ears to hear I am not giving you
anything but the solid real it I'm going
to translate this text to you quickly
you can get it for yourself this is a
contemporary with um when the gospels
are written right little bit this is
late 2 right early 3D we're getting in
into the into
a discussion of a dude it's more of a
history of a dude who is a one of these
um Magi right just like Jesus who's
doing his things we have you mean we
have other accounts of people like that
yeah we do but they're ignored right why
are they ignored because people don't
want to have to consider Christianity in
a real light they want to be able to
promote the fairy tale because that's
what sells tickets to Israel do you
understand this is
tourism it's what sells tickets to the
catacombs it's
Coliseum so that people can sit there
and say this is where the Christians
were all put to
death it's the same reason you've been
bamboozled listen to what this text says
it says okay so everybody got together
they were laughing at what was said
before and when they stopped laughing
this dude yarus stepped up and he
changed the conversation to a discussion
of the prophetic skill okay and he said
look this thing has brought more good
for Humanity most especially it has
created the gift of
medicine the G blow it up the gift of
medicine
medicine this is why the sons of
asclepius had all of that
knowledge right right they couldn't have
done it unless
their daddy asclepius was a child of
Apollo
himself and they took his this es scapus
took Apollo's sayings and prophecies and
from this created the drug combos that
would treat disease and they taught it
to
people and they used it and then he goes
into a list of things that you use it
for medically
all sorts of
ailments and then finally he says and
look we have to consider the
usefulness of the prophetic art when we
think about things like the
cures of the Venom producers and those
Venoms being used in medicine itself
that's coming through the Monty
gain it's coming through the prophetic
art these
chers are a part of medicine they're
healers they're considered healers why
do you think people are getting Jesus to
heal them because he is a
Christ right now they called them
Messias I'm not I'm not disputing that
but that is not a
Christ yeah there's two different
terms
right fantastic can people finally wait
W up this is gorgeous look he says
they're using these Venoms that they're
getting through the Mantic art that
Mantic art is the ability to be able to
induce the vision to produce the form
of of
possession that will bring the
Insight right and he says look this's is
gorgeous saying that he says in the very
end here he says now it seems to me at
least you know that without this PR
Gnostic
ability in
wisdom no people would have stepped up
and made this
combination of the death inducing drugs
with those that bring
Salvation what is he talking about this
is another text talking about the very
same christing phenomenon they're
combining the death inducers with the
Galan those that save
to induce the vision from death and
Resurrection okay this is not Jesus's
act this is something that's been
propagated for a long time this drug
knowledge is too sophisticated for one
person to have said oh right um uh by
the way I'm this unique thing called a
Christ that never happened go read your
Bibles right they said they're going to
call him a Christ for a reason because
just like the person you can take it
down just like the person who who told
you oh you get it's already I'm in the
past let's catch up just like the person
who told you tonight and good for you
fellow Sith Lord oh my God you deserve
the place you deserve the
place the person who put those comments
up I hope you you make yourself known
you know maybe not maybe you sit in the
shadows but you know if you get more
Maneuvers like that handy dandy head
cutter offer that you just did on
Kip oh my God that's amazing man that's
amazing nice job using the text I reward
that you should join me in the dojo I
hope you're a lady named Alice and I
hope you're ready to tear off
[Music]
heads don't you love it I love it give
it give me the next one right where is
Johnny Depp when you need him you know
what I mean it's not quite there
boom lotion is contemporary with the new
test F fantastic thank you for the
comments that was was that Snappy I
think that was that was ion thank you
ion by the way ion is still teaching
Greek yes we're going to move forward
with great but I'm having too much fun
right now just doing this so we'll get
back to it don't worry um that's the one
that's up what kind of drugs do you want
people do you want to see them in the
Greek for all the people who are like we
don't have drugs we don't have drugs
these the drugs that you drink these are
the drugs that you drink as opposed to
the ones that you
Christ do you understand it's a whole
different class bro give me the next one
and what are we looking at we're looking
at we're looking at the remedies the
remedies of those Eon it literally just
says the remedies of those who throw the
Venom do you know what started Western
medicine it was
Meen
medicine from Venoms and their
antidotes and it was started by a woman
who became so popular
the people of her time named themselves
after her isn't that nice whole
tribe Aryans they're like forget this
we're now
Maids you said Persians [ __ ] do you
know where the Magi started they didn't
start with the Persians they started
with
media yeah check it out check it out all
of their knowledge came from her your
your silly little monest religions they
all came from a
woman why cuz she was smart she was
smart smart as hell oh God and fearless
and
gorgeous and smart and gorgeous right
both of those did I mention that
fantastic let's go and why am am I why
am I mentioning why am I extoling the
beauties of media because I'm going to
bring to you the texts that talk about
her I got a couple here are you bringing
that one up I got a couple here that are
going to talk about her and I just want
you to see it I want you to see her for
who she is the first Christ the first
Christ the one who is smart enough to
figure everything
out this is the
Bible and what does it say I have
something against you oh this is this is
a pissed off Divinity I have something
against you because you allow this woman
Jezebel who calls herself a prophet you
allow her to teach and to cause people
to wander into the pora and they're
eating things that are
a they're
consuming those cups of
pora the things that the edolon is
generating for
us right and this is this is part of the
problem when you have that woman in that
position you can't get a
man at the
top okay it's why Jesus
insists right it's why he's constantly
taking the risks that he's taking that
he knows he's going to gets scandalized
from and probably
killed but he's willing to take them why
because he's at the top there is no
woman's blood there's only
his and he's in the
garden with a naked kid at 4:00 a.m.
doing the exact same things that are
written in these texts using the exact
same terms no matter how much people
like Kip want to wish it away
this is the reality and this is why they
are afraid because they have no answer
to the reality you can't answer reality
when it's sitting right in front of
you right I feel bad for him I do just
for a second before I go in I feel bad
for them right but then I realize their
blood is so yummy it's so yummy 7,000
words Kip Hebrews got 7,000 think about
it you're trying to cram a million more
different word forms into a finite space
man baby you can't do it you can't do
it it's a simple problem of math right
the stupid fairy tale doesn't hold up
because the math doesn't hold up this is
the real world man we're scientists give
me the next one we don't want to buy
your junk we don't want to buy your junk
let me show you the face man does his
face look like it wants to buy your junk
does his face turn that light out chewy
let's do the rest of this in the dark
look at that look at that face make me
big baby make me big look at that face
do you think this face cares right do
you think this face cares about your
merchandise this face can see right
through your falsehood give it to me
love it let him let him try to figure it
out after this right let him try to
figure it out that's the discussion of
the
prophecy right the prophetic power
that's what we need to have when we're
considering the gift of medicine when
we're considering the gift of
medicine and what is the gift of
medicine how does it get here to us next
one how does it arrive for us it arrives
this way are you ready what does this
say this is that which is this is that
which is effective in the treatment of
disease what is that it is pharmaka the
drugs that are effective in the
treatment of disease come to us from the
drugs that give us vision and we use the
music of the mystery to tune the vision
do you understand I want to end with yet
another Christ that I've brought you
another Christ tonight do you see we've
had several um niander one of them right
now we're going to get we're we're going
to get our final one who is the Prime
Prophet the prime Prophet go
ahead and she is who is this oh God this
is pendar and this is his ode and he
says look today it's necessary for us to
sit next to this really cool dude right
we're going to stand with him and what
is he he's that king of
sireni right and what is he doing while
he's celebrating his victory banquet
right his name is arus Right while he's
celebrating his victory banquet Muses
what I want you to do is I want you to
give what we need to give to the Son and
Daughter of Leto that is
Apollo and Diana right to them we need
to give something and we need to give
something to p uh to python too
right be why this is the pathian Oracle
we're talking about right and um what is
it we need to give Muses we need to give
them hymns hymns right why because
there's this
girl she's the
parros she is the one who sits with God
between the Eagles do you understand
she's the one who sits there when Apollo
is present
and she was sitting there and we got a
prophecy we got a prophecy what happened
she's gonna next one she's gonna bring
up she's gonna bring up for you the
words of
media the med wanasa do you understand
me wanasa is an old title it's an old
title for Queen what happened to me
there I
got it's an old oh it's not up yet there
it is oh it's too small I can't read it
oh I'll wait for it I'll wait for it to
come up just sit here just sit here with
me people is there anything else there
it is and the Priestess comes out this
pathian Priestess comes out she says
look i' we fulfilled the word of
media right in the 17th
generation who who's media she's the
daughter the
zines the zines you know what zines
means it means she who uses her mind to
a greater capacity than anybody
else she brings that mind to bear that's
who media is that's who she is she's zah
men and finally or
last she is the Des
po she is
that
Myan Queen
right there's not really an equivalent
of this word in
English right um but it's a powerful
powerful woman somebody who was able to
go with the Mind where others were not
and what does that give her the power to
do I'll just tell you in the first line
here it gives her the power to
breathe to breathe what to breathe that
Oracle from her mouth from her Immortal
mouth
and please just drop down to the very
bottom line and look at the third word
and you're going to see amonos what are
the
thth that's the place the places where
somebody stands where a Divinity stands
in their Temple do you know where all
this comes from it comes from the place
where almond
stands thank you for coming tonight
I
appreciate I appreciate your time and
your attention and I realize there's a
lot of
you and it's humbling to be able to
bring you these sources in the midst of
the
Foolery of people trying to make profit
off of our
evidence thank you for sticking with me
thank you for driving this home
hell Satan Soph the snake venom in the
play My Blue Lady of the Lake fly this
way P by
dragons
chanting singing with The Muse in the
blizzard of bars we can get a light
Cruiser from the Cana
Bar D Bringers fruit
Cutters
Hong diesel Truckers chickadilla from
amazia all about it on a
Mia diesel Hawking pills you want them
she eat them babies donut assassin black
d got some on you Wicked craft the
arrows FLW
amazona
Faria purple drugs in the eyes Jesus
Christ you might have drugs in your eyes
she
science you might have jokes in your
eyes She Blinded Me With
Science you might have drugs to your
Science you might have jokes in your
eyes She Blinded Me With Science